---
title: "1. Introducing myself"
date: 2020-09-07T18:28:47+02:00
draft: false
---
Hello! Well the first thing I introduce myself: I'm Paula, from Madrid. I studied engineering at a public university near my house and when I finally finished it, I realized that, in the meantime, I had been left with the desire to go away to study. I have always lived in the same city, in my parents' house, so I had always surrounded myself with the same people and had never had to meet new people on my own (to the degree I entered with people I already knew). For this reason, I had the need a year ago to want to get out of my comfort zone and force myself to put myself in situations that I had never put myself in. So I first decided to do a Master of mine at another university in Madrid, and since the Master was two years, I went in the second year to live in another country. So I did so, I entered the master's degree just a year ago, without knowing anyone and even though the first day was a bit hard for me, I began to cope with the situation, I met wonderful people who I took with me for a lifetime and I was able to discover Madrid like never before.
Now I have to fulfill the other part, go live abroad. After a lot of paperwork and a lot of difficulties, since the well-known pandemic just presented itself to us, I'm going to go on Erasmus to Hamburg! Although it has been a long process and it has been a while since my destination was confirmed, it is something that I still do not have internalized and I think I will not do it until the day before I leave. That day is getting closer and closer, and since this month, with each passing day I am more nervous. Also, it may seem strange but I notice that my parents treat me differently, they are going to miss me and they are also nervous. As I have said before, I have always lived at my parents' house, and yes, sometimes I have stayed alone in my house for some time and I know how to take care of myself more or less, but this is going to be a big change in me. lifetime. I'm not going to lie to you, I am somewhat afraid, but at the same time very curious and eager to start this new adventure.
I don't know when I'll write here again, but I hope to document my adventures often. If you want to accompany me, you are more than guests.
See you soon!